hey how's it going good
oh oh Rogers having a dinner thing and
he wanted me to invite you guys huh
so what's going on nothing
it's just uh it's Roger you know um hmm
I don't know there's something about hmm
basically we just feel that he said we
hate that guy I'm sorry Pheebs sorry
uh-huh okay okay don't you think maybe
don't it's just that he's so perceptive
that it freaked you out no we already
ate What's Wrong sweetie
huh what's wrong come okay it's I mean
it's nothing I'm fine it's just um it's
my friends they have a lighting problem
with you in that's down
they don't oh they don't but you know
they don't see all the wonderfulness
that I see you know they don't see all
the of a good stuff and all the sweet
stuff they just you know they think
you're a little what intense and creepy
oh but I don't mean Phoebe well I'm not
I'm not at all surprised they feel that
way you're not see that's why you're so
great actually it's quite you know
typical behavior when you have this kind
of dysfunctional group dynamic you know
this kind of codependent emotionally
stunted sitting in your stupid coffee
house with your stupid big cups which
I'm sorry might as well have nipples on
them
and you're all like oh define me define
me love me I need love hey hey how's it
going oh okay
except I broke up with Roger oh right
what happened I don't know I mean he's a
good person and he can be really sweet
and in some ways I think he is so right
for me it's just I hate that guy